All right.
Welcome back.
Take a breath.
You just did something
that most people never do.
Okay.
You look straight at the version of
you that's been running the show.
You've peeled back a layer that most
people spend their whole lives avoiding.
You've seen the mask now, haven't you?
Congratulations and, and welcome The
fact that you could name that tension.
The fact that you felt something
in that exercise means that
something in you is waking up.
You're not the role that
you've been playing.
You're not the costume.
You're not the approval that you
chase or the strength that you fake.
You're the one behind all of it.
The one who's been there the whole
time watching and waiting, and now
that you've seen the difference,
you can't unsee it, right?
You've quietly crossed a line,
irreversibly this moment.
It deserves a pause.
You may have just made contact
with the part of you that's been
quietly waiting underneath your
mask for the very first time, and
maybe you don't like what you found.
Maybe that left you with a list of
contradictions, a strange sense of weight.
Who am I?
Or maybe something even heavier.
A deep wave of judgment toward what
you found underneath the surface.
Well, let me be the first to tell you.
That's okay.
You've been trained to dislike and hide
those parts of you for a very long time.
Those parts of you are not weak.
They are not unworthy, they're real.
It's also not uncommon to feel ashamed
of how long you've been pretending,
but let me tell you something else.
That mask, it wasn't a sign of weakness
that mask whatever it looked like.
Was a survival mechanism,
a strategy, a protector.
It helped you fit in, get
love, stay safe, right?
You needed it, then you just
don't need it anymore because now
you're safe enough to take it off.
And I want to take a moment to show
gratitude for the part of you that hid
and for the part of you that's been found.
So I want you to close your eyes.
And place both hands on your heart.
Okay?
Take a deep breath in,
and as you do that, I want you to
connect to that deepest part of
you, the part that felt unsafe.
And as you exhale, repeat
these words after me.
To the part of me that performed,
protected and persisted, I see you.
You were doing the best that
you could with what you had.
You don't need to protect
me in the same way anymore,
but you are still a part of me.
And I thank you for taking me this far.
So stay here in this moment with your eyes
closed, connected to that heart center.
When we offer love to this part of us
that wore the mask, we gain strength
to imagine life without the mask.
But if you pay attention, you may notice
something else beneath the surface.
Another voice.
Okay.
Maybe it's something insecure,
emotional or sensitive, and maybe
part of you wanted to reject it.
This isn't who I'm supposed to be.
That's weak, that's pathetic,
that's embarrassing, but I
want you to notice something.
That voice, the one that
judges, that isn't your truth.
That voice is the mask, trying
to keep you safe, do its job.
That voice is fear, not wisdom.
So before we move forward, I want us
to speak to one more part of ourselves.
I want you to love the parts of yourself
that you found beneath the mask.
Not fix them, right,
not change them, just.
Love them.
So take a deep breath in
and let it go.
Now picture that part of you that you
found, not as a flaw, but as a child.
A child who's been hiding, waiting
to be found, a child who just wants
to be held and told, you're safe now.
You're not too much.
You're not broken.
You are worthy exactly as you are.
Let that sink in.
Feel that, own that.
And from here, things may feel
tender, but that tenderness is truth.
Okay?
And that truth is what sets you free.
This is the beginning of integration.
Take your time to process
what you found here.
Sometimes it can be good to
speak with a trusted friend.
Journaling can really help
you to sort your thoughts.
Maybe chatting with your therapist
is the right move for you right now.
Whatever it is, just be
gentle with yourself.
In the next module, we're gonna look
even deeper at the hidden cost of
performing and at the ways we abandon
ourselves in small and subtle ways.
But we won't do it from
a place of judgment.
We do it from love, we
do it from compassion.
We do it with eyes open
and heart soft, right?
We do it for the opportunity
of finally being seen and
accepted for who we really are.
So take another breath.
You're not going back.
You're going forward now,
and I'll see you there.